You said you are Mr. Li, do you have any evidence?
You can't be this bitch who got up and pretended to be
Yes, after all, Mr. Li, we have only heard of it
No one has ever seen
Want to pretend to be too fierce
Yeah shock
It must be an accident
He wants to sabotage our prison and the Lin Group's prison
Looking for the whole person to act
I passed away as the president of the group
Also need to impersonate
Brother, these people just can't see the coffin.
Big brother Ou Yan
It turns out that he is your poor brother
You are a poor man from the countryside
Dare to impersonate the president of Lin's Group
I just don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Ou Yan
We worked so hard to raise you so much
I didn't expect you to avenge your kindness
The matter of destroying our strongman here
It really chills me
It was grandma who raised me
What does it have to do with you?
You wolf-hearted thing
Hurry up and lead the senior military officials
It also affects our white affairs and ceremony signing.
Rolling Ceremony Group's Projects
It doesn't deserve it at all
What are you?
If you say you don't deserve it, you don't deserve it.
You don't want to say
You can be the master of the Lin Group
Sure, I'll show you today
Can I be the master of Lin's Group?
Said to immediately cancel the cooperation with Bai Group